i am testing the 'writing sprint' plugin for obsidian. is it working? it seems so. what about when i stop? yeah, that works. it came up with a pop up to get back to writing. is this something i could see myself using a lot? possibly. i have trouble over thinking this stuff. there's this advice (and i most recently heard it from barbara oakley, relating to the diffused mode/focused mode stuff) that you have to treat the writing and the editing as separate tasks. don't edit yourself while you are writing! writing corresponds to the diffused mode and editing corresponds to the focused mode. maybe i need to approach my note taking like that? separating the writing down of notes with the editing them into a more readable format? where does mind mapping fit in? i'm having trouble with the mind mapping stuff in general. i think i'm pretty good at mind mapping on paper, but how do i translate that into my garden and vault? do i take a picture of handmade mind maps? do i make hand made maps into mermaid graphs? do i just use outlines to recreate hand made maps and remove that localizing effect, but maybe it's more readable? and i would still have the hand made map... i don't know. hmmm maybe i can think of some other issues... there's a part of me that wants to instill order and structure to the vault already, but i'm not sure that's the best strategy. in fact, i know it's not the best strat or i wouldn't have to recreate my vault from scratch so many times! oh well, i'm removing a bunch of plugins and i'm hoping i can really simplify this vault and keep myself from going too crazy with the organizing stuff!
